COMMAND TYPE
    Application management

NAME
    autoupdate - Enable or disable automatic clio updates on startup

SYNOPSIS
    autoupdate [--enable | --disable]

DESCRIPTION
    Controls the clio policy in appsettings.json. Knowledge and toolkit have
    independent enabled, frequency-minutes, and next-run settings. Due policies
    reuse the existing update behavior on a best-effort basis.

    "next-run" is optional: a policy that has never claimed a slot carries no
    "next-run" at all, and is due the next time clio starts.

    The MCP verbs (mcp-server, mcp-http) are excluded from the startup check, so the
    "knowledge" policy is additionally evaluated from INSIDE a running MCP host: thirty
    seconds after the transport starts serving, and every five minutes afterwards, the
    host asks this same schedule whether a knowledge update is due. It is the same
    policy, not a second one - enabled=false stops the in-host refresh too,
    frequency-minutes sets its cadence, and the persisted next-run is shared, so a CLI
    command and a resident host cost one update between them. A slot claimed by a failed
    in-host attempt is not rolled back, so its retry is the next scheduled window; three
    consecutive failures are logged as a warning.

    The clio self-update is DEFERRED while an MCP host (mcp-server or mcp-http)
    is resident for this user, because replacing the binaries and
    appsettings.json underneath a running host breaks it for the rest of its
    session. The marker that says so lives in <user-home>/.clio/mcp-hosts, per
    USER rather than per clio home, because the update replaces one per-user
    tool installation whatever CLIO_HOME each process uses. The deferral prints one line:

        [INF] - clio self-update deferred: MCP host pid <N> (version <X>) is running

    and it does NOT move "next-run", so the update runs at the next start with no
    host resident. Knowledge and toolkit updates are never deferred. Run
    "clio update-cli" to update manually at a moment of your choosing.

OPTIONS
    --enable     Enable automatic clio updates
    --disable    Disable automatic clio updates (default behavior)

EXAMPLES
    autoupdate
    autoupdate --disable
    autoupdate --enable

EXIT CODES
    0   Setting applied successfully (or status displayed)

REPORTING BUGS
    https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio

DEFAULTS
    Clio updates: disabled. Knowledge updates: enabled. Toolkit updates: disabled.
    Existing explicitly configured preferences are preserved.
