COMMAND TYPE
    Development commands

NAME
    compile-package - compile one or more Creatio packages on a target environment

ALIASES
    comp-pkg

DESCRIPTION
    The compile-package command recompiles one or more packages in a Creatio
    environment. It invokes the remote package rebuild endpoint for each package
    name provided and prints start/end progress messages for every package.

    You can pass a single package name or a comma-separated list of package names
    as the first positional argument.

SYNOPSIS
    clio compile-package <PACKAGE_NAME>[,<PACKAGE_NAME>...] [OPTIONS]

ARGUMENTS
    <PACKAGE_NAME>[,<PACKAGE_NAME>...]
        Required. Package name or comma-separated package names to compile.

OPTIONS
    --uri                   -u          Application uri

    --Password              -p          User password

    --Login                 -l          User login (administrator permission required)

    --Environment           -e          Environment name

    --Maintainer            -m          Maintainer name

    --clientId                          OAuth client id

    --clientSecret                      OAuth client secret

    --authAppUri                        OAuth app URI

EXAMPLES
    clio compile-package MyPackage -e dev
        Rebuilds the MyPackage package in the dev environment

    clio comp-pkg MyPackage -e test
        Rebuilds a package using the short alias

    clio compile-package PkgOne,PkgTwo -e production
        Rebuilds two packages sequentially in the production environment

OUTPUT
    For each package the command prints:
    - Start rebuild packages (<PACKAGE_NAME>)
    - End rebuild packages (<PACKAGE_NAME>)
    - Done

PREREQUISITES
    - Valid Creatio environment configured with -e or direct connection options
    - Credentials with permission to compile packages in the target environment
    - Network connectivity to the target Creatio instance

NOTES
    - On an interactive terminal the command first warns that compilation is a
      heavy operation that forces a runtime reload affecting every connected user,
      and asks whether to compile now or postpone. Declining postpones the
      compilation (nothing is compiled, exit code 2) and prints how to run it later.
      Non-interactive hosts (scripts, CI, redirected stdin) and --silent proceed without asking.
    - The command performs rebuild, not incremental build
    - Package names are split by comma before execution
    - When one package compilation fails, the command exits with code 1
    - Progress monitoring tolerates an environment that briefly stops answering:
      while the application tier is unreachable each failed poll round is reported
      as a warning and the next round is delayed 1 s, 2 s, then 5 s. Only after
      90 seconds in which no round succeeded does the command stop monitoring and
      report "Package compilation could not be monitored". The server keeps
      compiling either way - the message says monitoring stopped, not that the
      build failed.
    - The 90 seconds are measured from the moment the FIRST failed round of the
      current run is detected, and the check happens when a round fails - so with
      the last 5 s backoff step the give-up is observed at about 93 seconds, and a
      failing read that takes time to time out adds its own duration on top.


RETURN VALUES
    0       Package compilation completed successfully
    1       Package compilation failed or an error occurred
    2       Compilation postponed by the user (declined the interactive confirmation)

SEE ALSO
    compile-configuration   Compile all configuration
    download-configuration  Download configuration to local workspace
    push-pkg                Install package to environment

REPORTING BUGS
    https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio