COMMAND TYPE
    Installation and Deployment commands

NAME
    create-server-to-server-oauth-app - Create a server-to-server (client_credentials) OAuth app in Creatio via OAuthConfigService REST

DESCRIPTION
    Creates a server-to-server (client_credentials) OAuth app in Creatio through the platform
    OAuthConfigService/AddClient endpoint over REST, binding it to a system user. Supply
    --system-user-id (from resolve-oauth-system-user or create-oauth-technical-user) or
    --system-user by name (defaults to Supervisor).

    The returned client id and client secret are surfaced ONLY in the structured command result.
    On the CLI this result is printed as a single JSON object (clientId, clientSecret, systemUserId,
    name) to STDOUT, with a one-time-capture warning on STDERR; via MCP it is the structured tool
    record. The secret is never written to logs and is NOT persisted to clio settings by this command
    (that is the responsibility of the higher-level deploy-identity flow). Capture the secret
    immediately; it cannot be retrieved again.

SYNOPSIS
    clio create-server-to-server-oauth-app -e ENVIRONMENT [OPTIONS]

OPTIONS
    -e, --environment NAME
        Required. Registered Creatio environment.

    --system-user-id ID
        System user id to bind the OAuth app to. Resolve it first with resolve-oauth-system-user
        or create-oauth-technical-user.

    --system-user NAME
        System user name to bind the OAuth app to when --system-user-id is omitted.
        Default: Supervisor

    --client-name NAME
        OAuth client display name.
        Default: clio s2s

    --client-application-url URL
        OAuth client application URL.
        Default: https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio.git

    --client-description TEXT
        OAuth client description.
        Default: server-to-server integration for clio cli

EXAMPLES
    # Create a server-to-server app bound to the Supervisor user.
    clio create-server-to-server-oauth-app -e c-dev

    # Create a server-to-server app bound to a specific system user id.
    clio create-server-to-server-oauth-app -e c-dev --system-user-id 410006e1-ca4e-4502-a9ec-e54d922d2c00

NOTES
    This command is experimental and hidden by default. Enable it before use:
        clio experimental --name deploy-identity --enable

    This command mutates Creatio (creates an OAuth client). The generated client secret is
    returned only in the structured result and is never logged.
