COMMAND TYPE
    Application management commands

NAME
    create-app-section - Create a section inside an existing installed application

DESCRIPTION
    The create-app-section command creates a new section shell inside an
    existing installed Creatio application and returns structured readback
    data for the created section, resolved entity, and created pages.

    Provide the target application through --application-code.

    By default clio creates a section with a new object. To bind the section
    to an existing entity, provide --entity-schema-name. The object must exist
    (clio validates this before creating the section and returns a clear error
    otherwise). Several sections may target the same object, so reusing an
    object that already backs a section is allowed.

    The section code is generated from the caption. Only ASCII letters and
    digits contribute to the generated code: a fully non-Latin caption (for
    example "Контакти") yields no code and requires an explicit --code. When a
    caption mixes scripts (for example "Контакти 2024"), the ASCII fragment is
    salvaged ("2024" gives "Usr_2024"); pass --code to override.

    By default clio creates web and mobile pages. Set --with-mobile-pages false
    when the new section must stay web-only.

CONCURRENCY
    Create sections in one application one at a time, not in parallel. Each
    section insert is a long (~90-100 second) backend operation, so overlapping
    inserts against the same application contend server-side and abort with a
    detail-less "InsertQuery failed" (classified "contention"). clio serializes
    section creations per environment + application in-process and automatically
    retries a detail-less rejection once after verifying the section is absent,
    so a single burst usually still succeeds - but do not deliberately launch
    parallel create-app-section calls against the same application.

SYNOPSIS
    clio create-app-section [options]

OPTIONS
    --application-code               Installed application code. Required.

    --caption                        Section caption. Required.

    --description                    Section description

    --entity-schema-name             Existing entity schema name

    --code                           Explicit section code (Latin identifier).
                                     Generated from the caption when omitted;
                                     required when the caption has no Latin
                                     letters or digits (e.g. a non-Latin
                                     caption such as "Контакти").

    --icon-background                Icon background color in #RRGGBB format,
                                     must be one of the Freedom UI palette
                                     values that the app manager renders
                                     as gradient tiles: #A6DE00, #20A959,
                                     #22AC14, #FFAC07, #FF8800, #F9307F,
                                     #FF602E, #FF4013, #B87CCF, #7848EE,
                                     #247EE5, #0058EF, #009DE3, #4F43C2,
                                     #08857E, #00BFA5. Defaults to a random
                                     palette color when omitted.

    --with-mobile-pages              Create mobile pages in addition to web
                                     pages. Default: true

    --caption-culture                Override the culture used when displaying
                                     the created section caption (e.g. en-US,
                                     uk-UA). Precedence: override > profile
                                     culture > en-US. The stored caption is
                                     localized server-side under the user's
                                     profile.

    --Environment            -e      Environment name. Required.

EXAMPLE
    clio create-app-section --application-code UsrOrdersApp --caption "Orders" -e dev
        create a section with a new object inside the installed UsrOrdersApp application

    clio create-app-section --application-code UsrSalesApp --caption "Accounts" --entity-schema-name Account -e dev
        create a section bound to the existing Account entity in the selected application

    clio create-app-section --application-code UsrSalesApp --caption "Visits" --with-mobile-pages false -e dev
        create a web-only section and let clio choose icon metadata automatically

TIMEOUT AND FAILURE DIAGNOSTICS
    The section insert runs under a finite budget of 90 seconds. The default is
    deliberately shorter than a typical MCP client's per-request timeout
    (around 180 seconds for some agent CLIs) so clio can return its structured
    creatio-timeout response before the client abandons the call with an opaque
    transport error. Set the CLIO_CREATE_SECTION_TIMEOUT_SECONDS environment
    variable (whole seconds, positive integer) to extend or shrink the budget.

    On failure clio classifies the outcome and prints an actionable next
    step ("Next step: ..."):

    transport         The request never reached the Creatio server (DNS,
                      connect, or TLS failure). No section was created;
                      retrying is safe once the environment is reachable.

    creatio-timeout   The request was sent but Creatio produced no response
                      within the budget. clio automatically checks whether
                      the section appeared anyway: if it did, the command
                      continues and succeeds; if not, do NOT retry blindly -
                      the server may still be processing the insert. Wait a
                      few minutes, run "clio list-app-sections", and retry
                      only if the section is still absent.

    contention        The insert was aborted without a detailed reason because
                      sections were created in the same application at once. No
                      section was created. clio serializes creations per
                      application and auto-retries this once with verification;
                      create sections one at a time. If it recurs, wait a few
                      seconds, run "clio list-app-sections" to confirm the
                      section is absent, then retry.

    server-error      Creatio rejected the operation with a real reason (HTTP
                      error, non-JSON response, or a detailed rejected insert).
                      Retrying the same arguments will most likely fail again;
                      fix the inputs or the server state first.

    MCP only: when a client enforces a hard per-request ceiling that progress
    notifications do not reset, the MCP tool bounds its response by a wall-clock
    deadline (default 150s, override with CLIO_MCP_RESPONSE_DEADLINE_SECONDS,
    0 < n <= 600). If the work outlives the deadline the tool returns
    error-class=creatio-timeout with section-created=in-progress before the
    client gives up, and the section keeps being created in the background. That
    is NOT a failure: do NOT retry and do NOT fall back to create-page; poll
    "clio list-app-sections" / get-app-info until the section and its
    <Code>_ListPage / <Code>_FormPage appear. The CLI command returns
    synchronously and is unaffected.

TROUBLESHOOTING
    "Caption ... has no Latin letters or digits to generate a section code"
        The caption is non-Latin (for example "Контакти"), so a valid Latin
        section code cannot be generated. Pass an explicit code via --code
        (for example --code Contacts), or use a Latin caption. The caption
        stays as the localized display title. clio reports this before
        creating the section.

    "Entity schema ... does not exist ..."
        The object passed via --entity-schema-name was not found in the
        environment. Object names are case-sensitive. Verify the name, or
        omit --entity-schema-name to create a new object. clio checks this
        before creating the section.

    "Section code ... is invalid ..."
        The value passed via --code is not a Latin identifier. Section codes
        must start with a Latin letter and contain only Latin letters, digits,
        or underscore.

    Detail-less "Failed to create section ..." (contention) rejection
        Creatio aborted the insert without details - the signature of
        contention when several sections are created in one application at
        once. No section was created. clio serializes creations per application
        and retries this once automatically after verifying the section is
        absent. Create sections sequentially; if it recurs, wait a few seconds,
        run "clio list-app-sections" to confirm the section is absent, then
        retry create-app-section. A detailed server rejection (a real message)
        is reported separately as "server-error" and should not be blind-retried.

    When the underlying Creatio insert returns its own error text, that
    message is surfaced after "Server error:" so the root cause is visible
    instead of a generic failure.

REPORTING BUGS
    https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio
