COMMAND TYPE
    Development commands

NAME
    get-entity-schema-properties - Get properties from a remote Creatio entity schema

SYNOPSIS
    clio get-entity-schema-properties [OPTIONS]

DESCRIPTION
    Loads entity schema properties from the remote Creatio environment and prints a
    human-readable schema summary with package, parent schema, primary columns,
    column counts, indexes, major schema flags, and grouped own and inherited
    column listings.
    When --package is omitted, the MERGED/EFFECTIVE schema is returned: columns from
    ALL package layers, including custom columns added in packages other than the one
    that defines the schema. This is the recommended mode for column discovery.
    When --package is supplied, only that single package layer's slice is returned,
    including every schema-level field (parent schema name, indexes, SSP availability,
    and the remaining schema flags). This is the canonical verification path after
    create-entity-schema.

OPTIONS
    --package              Optional target package name. Omit for the merged all-packages
                           view; supply only to inspect a single package layer's slice.
    --schema-name          Entity schema name (required)

    Environment options are also available:
    -e, --Environment      Environment name from the registered configuration
    -u, --uri              Application URI
    -l, --Login            User login
    -p, --Password         User password

EXAMPLES
    # Read the merged/effective schema (all packages) - recommended for column discovery
    clio get-entity-schema-properties -e dev --schema-name Account

    # Read a single package layer's slice
    clio get-entity-schema-properties -e dev --package Custom --schema-name UsrVehicle

NOTES
    - output is human-readable text, not JSON
    - the report includes own and inherited column counts plus grouped column lists
    - structured and MCP consumers should read the nested data.columns collection
      from the schema summary object
    - nested column entries expose normalized type names such as Binary, Image, File, and ImageLookup
    - schema mutations are expected to be readable here immediately after save
    - IMPORTANT: an empty column list (or 0 own columns) from a single-package read does
      NOT prove a column is absent. Custom columns are frequently added in a package other
      than the one that defines the schema. Re-read without --package for the merged view,
      or use find-entity-schema to locate the customization package.
    - the merged (no --package) view sources columns AND most schema-level metadata from
      the runtime schema (title, extend parent, db view, track changes, virtual, show in
      advanced mode, the administration flags, and every column's indexed flag are all
      authoritative). A few fields are not exposed by the by-name runtime endpoint and are
      reported as null in this mode (so a machine consumer can tell "unavailable" apart from
      a real value, and the CLI prints <unknown>): parent schema name, indexes count, SSP
      availability, use record deactivation, use deny record rights, and use live editing.
      Supply --package to read those authoritative values from a single package layer

REPORTING BUGS
    https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio

SEE ALSO
    get-entity-schema-column-properties, modify-entity-schema-column
