COMMAND TYPE
    Development commands

NAME
    get-page - Read a Freedom UI page as a merged bundle plus raw schema body

ALIASES
    page-get

DESCRIPTION
    The get-page command resolves the requested Freedom UI page, loads its full
    designer hierarchy, builds the effective merged bundle, and returns a JSON
    envelope with nested page metadata, bundle data, and raw.body. Use raw.body
    as the editable payload for update-page.

    The command resolves the design package for the schema and uses the top of
    the parent-schema hierarchy to load the editable version. This ensures that
    raw.body is always read from the package where the schema can be modified.

    CLI vs MCP: the CLI verb returns bundle and raw.body inline. The MCP
    get-page tool compacts its successful response to page and files, plus
    editable when the checksum probe succeeded - read the body from the path
    in files.bodyFile; the MCP response has no raw property. The editable
    block is OPTIONAL: a failed or empty SysSchema checksum query omits the
    key entirely, which means "baseline unavailable", not "no editable
    schema".

    The paths files reports are on the MCP SERVER host, so they are usable
    only when the client shares that filesystem (stdio, or mcp-http on
    loopback). A remote mcp-http client cannot open them.

    get-page REPLACES .clio-pages/{schema-name}/ on every call: the existing
    directory is deleted recursively before the fresh body.js, bundle.json
    and meta.json are written. A second get-page of the same schema destroys
    an edit made in place - send it through update-page / sync-pages, or copy
    it out first.

    The response also carries an "editable" block with the editable schema's
    SysSchema checksum captured at fetch time (best-effort). get-page writes
    body.js, bundle.json and meta.json into .clio-pages/{schema-name}/ (anchored
    at the workspace root, or at --output-directory). The meta.json stores the
    checksum as a baseline so a later update-page for the same environment
    detects modifications made outside your session automatically — there is no
    need to pass --expected-checksum by hand. Pass the same --output-directory
    to get-page and update-page when you keep the page files outside the
    auto-detected workspace root.

SYNOPSIS
    clio get-page [options]

OPTIONS
    --schema-name                      Page schema name to read

    --output-directory                 Directory that anchors the .clio-pages
                                       output tree (body.js / bundle.json /
                                       meta.json). Defaults to the workspace
                                       root, or the clio home root when no
                                       workspace is found

    --uri                    -u       Application uri

    --Password               -p       User password

    --Login                  -l       User login (administrator permission required)

    --Environment            -e       Environment name

    --Maintainer             -m       Maintainer name

EXAMPLE
    clio get-page --schema-name UsrTodo_FormPage -e dev
        return the merged Freedom UI bundle and raw body for UsrTodo_FormPage

    clio get-page --schema-name UsrTodo_FormPage -u https://my-creatio -l Supervisor -p Supervisor
        read a Freedom UI page using direct connection arguments

REPORTING BUGS
    https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio
