COMMAND TYPE
    Development commands

NAME
    localize-page - Add or update translations of a Freedom UI page's captions in one culture

SYNOPSIS
    localize-page --schema-name <page> --culture <culture> [--resources <json>] [--caption <text>] [--output-directory <dir>] [OPTIONS]

DESCRIPTION
    Writes the values of a Freedom UI page's localizable strings and of the page
    title (schema caption) in ONE culture, for example es-ES, without changing
    any other culture. The default culture (en-US) is never touched: --culture
    en-US is refused; change en-US values with update-page --resources.

    For every supplied key the stored value list is read, the target culture's
    value is set (added when missing) and the complete list is saved back, so
    every other culture of the key is preserved.

    With neither --resources nor --caption the command is report-only: it saves
    nothing and returns which keys are still untranslated in that culture.

    The culture must exist in the environment's Languages section (SysCulture).
    An absent culture fails before anything is read or written, with the list of
    available cultures. An inactive culture is written and reported with a
    warning, because users cannot select it until it is activated; after activation
    a full configuration compile (compile-configuration --all) is needed before
    the UI loads in that culture.

    Only existing keys are translated: the keys get-page shows, i.e. the page's
    own keys and every key of its template hierarchy. A key that only a parent
    template declares gets a page-level override holding just that culture; its
    en-US text keeps coming from the parent. Register a new key with update-page
    first. A value that Creatio cannot store in a schema resource (a control
    character other than tab, LF or CR, U+FFFE, U+FFFF or a lone surrogate half)
    or a null value fails the call before anything is saved, naming the key.
    A caption bound to an entity column through a data
    source ($Resources.Strings.<Attribute>) is not a page resource: translate it
    with update-entity-schema or modify-entity-schema-column title-localizations.

    The command edits the existing page schema in the design package and never
    creates a replacing schema. After a save it re-reads the page and fails when
    a written value was not stored. Re-running with the same values saves
    nothing. When a .clio-pages/<page>/meta.json baseline from get-page exists
    (pass the same --output-directory as get-page when it used one) and it still
    matches the page as it was right before the save, its checksum is refreshed
    so the next update-page is not refused as an external modification. A stale
    baseline (the page changed after that get-page) is left unchanged and a
    warning says that update-page will report the conflict. When the save
    succeeds but the read-back fails, saved is true and success is false.

    The result is printed as JSON: success, schemaName, schemaUId, packageName,
    culture, cultureActive, saved, written, unchanged, captionOutcome
    (written | unchanged | null), coverage { keys, translated, missing,
    sameAsDefault, captionSameAsDefault }, warnings, error.
    coverage covers the same key set as get-page. sameAsDefault lists keys whose
    value equals the resolved en-US value: right after
    create-page the page title holds the English text in every culture, so such
    values usually still need a translation.

    cliogate is not required.

OPTIONS
    --schema-name
        Page schema name. Required.

    --culture
        Target culture, for example es-ES. Matched case-insensitively and
        written in the environment's canonical spelling. en-US is refused.
        Required.

    --resources
        JSON object mapping existing resource keys to their value in the
        target culture, for example '{"UsrName_caption":"Nombre"}'.

    --caption
        Page title in the target culture.

    --output-directory
        Directory that anchors the .clio-pages baseline lookup. Pass the value
        given to get-page --output-directory. Does not change where the page
        is saved.

    -e, --environment
        Name of the registered environment.

    -u, --uri / -l, --login / -p, --password / OAuth options
        Standard direct-connection options, when targeting an unregistered site.

EXIT CODES
    0   Success (for a save: every written value was read back).
    1   The call failed; the JSON result carries the error.

EXAMPLES
    Report which captions still need a Spanish translation (saves nothing):
        clio localize-page --schema-name UsrApp_FormPage --culture es-ES -e dev

    Translate two captions and the page title into Spanish:
        clio localize-page --schema-name UsrApp_FormPage --culture es-ES --resources '{"UsrName_caption":"Nombre","UsrStatus_caption":"Estado"}' --caption "Solicitud" -e dev

NOTES
    - Aliases: none.
    - Page captions only. Object and column titles are translated with the
      entity-schema tools (title-localizations).
    - A server save does not update workspace metadata or culture resource XML;
      capture the package with restore-workspace before a push-workspace.
