COMMAND TYPE
    AI integration commands

NAME
    mcp-server, mcp - start MCP server in stdio mode

DESCRIPTION
    Starts a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server that communicates over
    standard input/output using JSON-RPC 2.0. This server exposes clio
    tools to AI agents and code assistants (Copilot, Claude, Cursor, etc.)
    that support the MCP protocol.

    The server runs until the stdin stream is closed or the process is
    terminated.

    Available MCP tool categories:
    - application     Create, list, and inspect Creatio applications
    - entity          Create and update entity schemas (DB-first)
    - sync-schemas     Batch entity operations in a single call
    - page            Get and update Freedom UI page schemas
    - get-component-info  Inspect curated Freedom UI component contracts
    - sync-pages       Batch page operations in a single call
    - data-binding    Manage data bindings and seed data
    - telemetry       Record local product telemetry for app-creation workflows:
      - get-telemetry-consent  Read locally stored telemetry consent (granted/denied/unknown); never writes
      - send-telemetry         Store one workflow telemetry event as a local OpenTelemetry-shaped event once consent is granted
      - withdraw-telemetry-consent  Withdraw consent: set the stored decision to denied and delete not-yet-uploaded local events; stops all collection and upload

    Guidance is discovered from active trusted knowledge libraries, not compiled into Clio.
    Call get-guidance with an unknown name to receive availableGuides, or use resources/list
    to receive canonical URIs with publisher-owned titles and descriptions. Read canonical
    docs://knowledge/<library-id>/<item-id> resources directly. Publisher-declared legacy
    docs://mcp/guides/... aliases remain readable during migration.

    External knowledge delivery configuration:
    - appsettings.json knowledge.root-path  Readable local cache root
    - appsettings.json knowledge.sources  Trusted GitHub-release/Git/NuGet sources keyed by alias
    - appsettings.json knowledge.topic-pins  Optional topic-to-library overrides
    - knowledge.sources.<alias>.repository-owner  GitHub-release-only repository owner
    - knowledge.sources.<alias>.repository-name  GitHub-release-only repository name
    - knowledge.sources.<alias>.asset-name  GitHub-release-only exact asset file name
    - knowledge.sources.<alias>.trusted-key-id  Signing-key ID; required for NuGet, optional for
      github-release, unused for Git
    - knowledge.sources.<alias>.trusted-public-key-path  Public-key PEM path, same applicability

    Before serving requests, both MCP transports ensure a built-in github-release source
    named creatio-curated exists and is installed from the latest stable release of
    Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio-knowledge, asset clio-knowledge-bundle.zip,
    discovered through https://api.github.com/. Its library-id is com.creatio.clio,
    priority is 100, and participation is authoritative. No Git CLI is used and no
    branch is read. An already-published local generation is activated without any
    remote call, so a warm start performs no network request at all. A missing
    generation gets a five-second startup installation budget before the MCP handshake
    completes, so mandatory first-request guidance is available whenever that bounded
    bootstrap succeeds. Because a warm start never contacts the publisher, one whose
    cached activation marker has an installation or last clean successful publisher check
    more than 3 days old logs a warning naming that marker's library version and the update
    call that checks for a newer release, so a stale bundle stops being silent; startup
    still proceeds. A clean successful check renews freshness even when the published
    generation has not changed; a rejected candidate does not. get-guidance
    also reports the served libraryVersion on every article, so an agent session can
    read it without calling info-knowledge. An entry left by an earlier version under a different alias or
    the former Git transport is migrated in place, preserving an operator's
    enabled=false kill switch. The built-in source cannot be removed; disable it with
    clio disable-knowledge-source --alias creatio-curated. Disabled state survives
    updates and MCP restarts. A failed or timed-out initial install is warned but does not
    prevent MCP startup; retry with install-knowledge --source creatio-curated.

    Every configured knowledge source may use the Git transport. For development, an explicit
    creatio-curated Git source is preserved instead of being reset to the release transport when it uses library-id com.creatio.clio, location
    https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio-knowledge.git, priority 100, and
    authoritative participation. Its optional branch, tag, or commit can consume unpublished
    knowledge directly from that checkout. The configured Git source is synchronized during startup so a
    branch change takes effect. Without this override, the signed GitHub-release default applies.

    Public verification keys are not secrets. Never configure a private signing key.
    The public key authorized to sign the built-in com.creatio.clio library is pinned inside
    Clio and is consulted before any configured key material, so a settings entry naming that
    library cannot substitute its own signing key. GitHub-release and NuGet sources require
    signed v1 bundles. Git sources are cloned directly and therefore require a Git CLI on the
    machine. This POC supports credential-free public HTTPS sources only; authenticated private
    sources are not supported. Signed legacyUris remain exact aliases for their declaring items. No
    implicit v0 source is registered; prototype caches require source configuration
    and reinstall.

    The service-index URL must respond directly; redirects are not followed. Its advertised
    PackageBaseAddress/3.0.0 must use the same scheme, host, and port as the configured service index.

    GitHub-release sources are bound to the release tag, the SHA-256 digest GitHub publishes for
    the asset, and the bundle signature; the tag must equal the signed bundle's library version, and
    asset downloads follow redirects only to documented GitHub hosts over HTTPS.
    NuGet sources are bound to their package version, verified signature, and digest. Git sources
    are bound to the configured trusted repository URL and exact resolved commit, then validated
    directly from the checkout; Git does not use NuGet bundle-signing keys. Both transports validate
    compatibility, identity, catalogs, paths, and sizes before activation under knowledge.root-path.
    The former top-level knowledge-root-path is migrated once. When absent, Clio persists
    <clio-home>/knowledge. Installed content remains visible on disk.

    Normal guidance lookup, resource reads, and example discovery use only local installed content
    and never contact transports. Explicit install/update operations and info-knowledge with
    checkUpdates=true may contact configured transports. Manage sources with the knowledge lifecycle
    and add/remove/enable/disable/list source commands. These commands are non-resident MCP tools
    callable through clio-run. The running MCP process hot
    reloads source updates and enablement without restart. Rejected updates retain last-known-good;
    a cold invalid cache returns guidance-unavailable for external guides. Reading a URI no active
    library resolves is refused as resource-not-found with a guidance-not-found message, and a topic
    gated behind a disabled feature is refused identically to one nobody publishes. info-knowledge
    reads only local state unless CLI --check-updates or MCP checkUpdates=true is supplied.
    Clio owns delivery and resolution mechanics only. Article text, item/topic identity, titles,
    descriptions, and legacy URI declarations belong to the knowledge libraries.

SYNOPSIS
    clio mcp-server
    clio mcp

EXAMPLES
    clio mcp-server
        Start MCP server and wait for JSON-RPC requests on stdin.

    clio mcp
        Start the same MCP server using the short alias.

    Use your MCP client to call get-tool-contract {}.
        Discover what tools exist with a compact index (name + one-line purpose + safety flags) without paying for full schemas, then call get-tool-contract with specific tool-names to load only the contracts you need. Pass {"detail":"full"} to expand every tool's full contract at once (legacy behavior).

    Use your MCP client to call get-tool-contract {"tool-names":["list-apps","get-app-info","get-page","sync-pages"]}.
        Bootstrap an existing-app or page workflow from the authoritative contract before invoking discovery or mutation tools.

    Use your MCP client to call get-tool-contract {"tool-names":["get-page","get-component-info","sync-pages"]}.
        Bootstrap page inspection/editing and discover whether get-component-info is needed before mutating the page body file get-page writes.

    Use your MCP client to call get-guidance with an unknown name, inspect availableGuides,
    then call get-guidance again with the selected name.
        Discover and read the currently installed publisher-owned guidance catalog.

PREREQUISITES
    - clio version 8.0.2.35 or higher
    - At least one registered clio environment (clio reg-web-app)
    - Target Creatio instance must be running and accessible

NOTES
    - The server uses stdio transport (stdin/stdout), not HTTP
    - Environment-sensitive tools require either an "environment-name" or explicit connection args such as "uri", "login", and "password"
    - "get-component-info" is local and read-only, so it does not require environment or connection args
    - Start each MCP workflow with "get-tool-contract" so the client reads the authoritative clio MCP contract before the first discovery, inspection, or mutation call
    - Preferred existing-app flow starts with get-tool-contract, then list-apps -> get-app-info, then page or schema inspection, then sync-pages / modify-entity-schema-column / sync-schemas as needed
    - For Freedom UI page-body handler, validator, or @creatio-devkit/common page-schema work, prefer get-guidance instead of relying on client-specific docs:// resource routing
    - Use get-guidance or resources/list to discover applicable installed knowledge; keep get-tool-contract authoritative for exact tool field names
    - This repository documents the MCP server surface; it does not ship a generic stdio helper client
    - If you use an external MCP client wrapper, follow that wrapper's own parsing and transport guarantees
    - Boolean parameters must be JSON booleans (true/false), not strings
    - Entity tools work DB-first: schemas are created directly in PostgreSQL
    - Guidance/resource/example lookups use local installed content; only explicit install/update or info-knowledge checkUpdates=true operations contact transports
    - Product telemetry is consent-gated: nothing is uploaded unless consent is granted. A production collector endpoint ships as the default, so uploads begin automatically once consent is granted; override it with CLIO_TELEMETRY_ENDPOINT or the settings "telemetry.endpoint" (https, or http only for loopback), or disable uploading entirely (regardless of consent) with CLIO_TELEMETRY_ENABLED=false or "telemetry.enabled": false. Events are stored under <clio-home>/telemetry (override CLIO_TELEMETRY_HOME) and exclude prompts, secrets, customer data, and generated content

RETURN VALUES
    0       Server shut down normally
    1       Server failed to start

REPORTING BUGS
    https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio
