COMMAND TYPE
    Object rights

NAME
    set-default-record-rights - Turn record permissions on/off for one object and grant or revoke one of its default record rules

SYNOPSIS
    set-default-record-rights --entity-schema-name <EntitySchemaName> [--author <SysAdminUnitId> --grantee <SysAdminUnitId> --operations <read,edit,delete> [--level granted|delegated] [--do-not-apply-for-manager true|false] [--revoke]] [--enable-record-permissions | --disable-record-permissions] [--confirm | --preview] [OPTIONS]

DESCRIPTION
    Changes the RECORD layer of an object's permissions — the "Use record permissions" page of the
    Object permissions designer: the switch, and the object's default record rules. A default rule
    says: records created by members of the AUTHOR role get read / edit / delete rights for the
    GRANTEE role, each at a level: not set, granted, or granted with the right to delegate. Rules
    have no order, and the rights of several rules add up. This is not set-record-rights, which
    changes the rights of ONE record.

    One call changes at most one rule (one author + grantee pair) and/or the switch of ONE object.
    A call is either:
      - a rule change: --author, --grantee and --operations together (nothing is granted by
        default), optionally with --enable-record-permissions; or
      - a switch-only change: none of them, with --enable-record-permissions or
        --disable-record-permissions.

    A grant sets each named operation to --level (granted by default) and leaves the other two as
    they are; the output shows every level before and after. A revoke sets the named operations to
    "not set"; a rule left with no right is removed. A revoke is allowed while record permissions
    are OFF: it cleans a stored rule before an enable brings it into effect.

    The switch changes only with its flag:
      - a grant on an object whose record permissions are OFF is refused without
        --enable-record-permissions; the refusal names the stored rules that would come into effect;
      - --disable-record-permissions is a call of its own (only the object and the flag); it keeps
        every rule as it is. A revoke never changes the switch, so --revoke is refused with either flag;
      - turning record permissions ON with NO rule means every user sees only the records they
        create (their managers and holders of "view any data" see them too).

    The command NEVER applies the rules to existing records. An enable or a rule change affects
    records created from then on; until apply-default-record-rights runs, an existing record keeps
    the record rights it had (after a first enable it has none: only its owner/author, their
    managers and holders of "view any data" reach it). The output reports the number of existing
    records, counted under the calling account, so the user can decide whether and when to apply.

    It is a read-modify-write over the native RightManagementService. The platform replaces the
    whole rule list on save, so a call that changes a rule sends EVERY rule: each other rule exactly
    as read. A call that changes only the switch sends the rule list as untouched. The object is
    read back and compared with the plan — the switch and every rule. The server checks nothing and
    loses data silently, so a stored list with two rules for one author + grantee pair, or with a
    level outside not set / granted / delegated, is refused when the call would send the list. It
    does NOT change operation or column permissions.

    DESTRUCTIVE: in a non-interactive run it refuses to apply unless --confirm is passed; in an
    interactive run it shows the planned change and asks for confirmation. --preview writes nothing.
    On MCP the host's approval of the call is the confirmation.

OPTIONS
    --entity-schema-name
        The one object (entity schema) whose record permissions are changed. Required.

    --author
        SysAdminUnit id (role or user) of the rule's author: the rule applies to records created by
        its members. Given together with --grantee and --operations.

    --grantee
        SysAdminUnit id (role or user) that gets the rights on those records.

    --operations
        Comma-separated operations to grant or revoke: read, edit, delete. Required for a rule change.

    --level
        Level a grant sets: granted (default) or delegated. Not valid with --revoke.

    --do-not-apply-for-manager
        true/false: set the rule's "Do not apply for manager" flag (managers of the grantee role do
        not inherit the rule). Omitted: an existing rule keeps its flag, a new rule gets false. To
        change only the flag, repeat the rule's current operations and level. Not valid with --revoke.

    --revoke
        Set the named operations to "not set" instead of granting them.

    --enable-record-permissions
        Turn the object's record permissions ON.

    --disable-record-permissions
        Turn the object's record permissions OFF: every user with read operation rights reaches every
        record. The rules and the records' rights are kept and come back into effect when record
        permissions are turned on again.

    --confirm
        Confirm the destructive change without a prompt. Not valid with --preview.

    --preview
        Write nothing: show the planned change, or why the call would be refused.

    -e, --environment
        Name of the registered environment to change.

EXIT CODES
    0   The change was applied (or was already in place, or cancelled at the prompt), or a --preview
        completed. A save that reported an error but whose read-back shows the plan succeeds with a
        warning.
    1   An input was invalid (only part of a rule given, a non-GUID id, an unknown operation or
        level, --level or --do-not-apply-for-manager with --revoke, both switch flags, nothing to
        change, --preview with --confirm), confirmation was missing in a non-interactive run, the
        object could not be read, the author or grantee does not exist, the change was refused (see
        above), the save failed and the read-back does not show the plan, or the save could not be
        verified.

EXAMPLES
    Turn record permissions on and let all employees read and edit records created by any employee:
        clio set-default-record-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrder --author a29a3ba5-4b0d-de11-9a51-005056c00008 --grantee a29a3ba5-4b0d-de11-9a51-005056c00008 --operations read,edit --enable-record-permissions --confirm -e production

    Turn record permissions on with no rule ("everyone sees only their own records"):
        clio set-default-record-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrder --enable-record-permissions --confirm -e production

    Give a role delete with delegation, managers excluded:
        clio set-default-record-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrder --author <author-id> --grantee <role-id> --operations delete --level delegated --do-not-apply-for-manager true --confirm -e production

    Remove a stored rule before enabling (allowed while record permissions are off):
        clio set-default-record-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrder --author <author-id> --grantee <role-id> --operations read,edit,delete --revoke --confirm -e production

NOTES
    Then apply the rules to existing records only when the user decides to:
    apply-default-record-rights. Read the result back with get-object-rights.

    A save that got no answer may land after the read-back: re-read the object with
    get-object-rights before retrying or reporting a failure. The save is sent exactly once.
