COMMAND TYPE
    Service commands

NAME
    set-pkg-version - set package version

DESCRIPTION
    Writes the specified version into the package's descriptor.json, and moves the
    descriptor's ModifiedOnUtc timestamp with it.

    Both fields are written together on purpose. Creatio rewrites a package's
    recorded version (the SysPackage row) only when ModifiedOnUtc changes, so a
    version bumped without a fresh timestamp installs successfully and silently
    leaves the OLD version recorded on the environment - which then fails every
    dependency and requirement check that reads it. Editing descriptor.json by hand
    means taking on that pairing yourself; this command exists so you cannot forget
    it.

    The version is required and must parse as a version, optionally with a
    '-<suffix>' pre-release part (1.2.3.4 or 1.2.3.4-rc). Both refusals happen
    BEFORE the descriptor is touched: writing an empty or unparseable version while
    still moving the timestamp would produce a descriptor announcing a change it
    cannot describe.

    Fewer than four parts is WARNED about, not refused. It is normal - clio's own
    add-package seeds 0.1.0, and publish-app writes an app version verbatim - so
    refusing it would break existing pipelines. The warning exists because Creatio
    compares recorded versions through System.Version, which treats a missing part
    as -1: for a package clio compares versions on (cliogate,
    CrtProcessBuilder) a shorter version sorts below every four-part version and the
    gated commands would then refuse an environment that is actually up to date.

ARGUMENTS
    <PACKAGE PATH>          Path to the package folder holding descriptor.json.
    -v, --package-version   Required. The version to write, for example 1.2.3.4.

EXIT CODES
    0   The descriptor was updated.
    1   No version was supplied, it could not be parsed, or descriptor.json was
        not found. On a refusal the descriptor is left exactly as it was.

EXAMPLE
    clio set-pkg-version <PACKAGE PATH> -v <PACKAGE VERSION>

REPORTING BUGS
    https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio