COMMAND TYPE
    Branding commands

NAME
    set-background-image - set an image as the environment's shell background

DESCRIPTION
    set-background-image makes an image the shell background of the target
    environment: it adds the image to the background gallery and selects it
    as the active background.

    Pass exactly one image source:
    - a local file (--file): the file is uploaded and applied in one step;
    - an image id (positional): an image already uploaded with
      'clio upload-image'.
    Passing both is an error.

    The change applies to all users after a page refresh and replaces the
    currently configured background. Re-running the command with the same
    image is safe and leaves the same background in place.

    The background is also bound into a package as data bindings, so
    installing that package elsewhere reproduces the same background instead
    of leaving it behind on this environment. Re-running after a background
    change refreshes what the package carries. What is bound: the background
    configuration, the image and its gallery membership, and the All-Users
    off-state of the UsePanelIconBackground feature. Installing the package
    merges onto the target's existing rows instead of duplicating them.

    With --package omitted the bindings land in the package named by the
    environment's CurrentPackageId system setting; when that setting points
    at nothing resolvable the command stops and asks for an explicit package
    rather than picking one.

    Read the run output: every gap between what was applied and what the
    package will actually deliver is reported as a warning. The command
    still succeeds — a warning means the package ships less than expected,
    not that the apply failed.

    When the binding itself fails, the error names both the cause and the
    parts that were already bound before the failure; those stay in the
    package. Every part is written in place, so a later run refreshes what
    landed instead of duplicating it.

SYNOPSIS
    clio set-background-image [<image-id>] [options]

OPTIONS
    <image-id>                      Id of an already-uploaded image (printed by upload-image). Pass either this or --file.

    --file                          Path to a local image file to upload and set as the background in one step.

    --package                       Package that receives the background data bindings. When omitted, the package from the environment's CurrentPackageId system setting is used.

    --keep-icon-background          Keep the panel's own icon background instead of turning it off. By default the command turns it off. Pass this only when the panel icon background must stay.

    --uri               -u          Application uri

    --Password          -p          User password

    --Login             -l          User login (administrator permission required)

    --Environment       -e          Environment name

    --Maintainer        -m          Maintainer name

NOTES
    - The binding writes package data through the design-time schema-data
      services, so the target package must be unlocked and the caller needs
      rights to modify package configuration.
    - The binding folder names are reserved: ownership is decided by folder
      name plus entity schema, so a binding you created by hand under one of
      them for the same schema is refreshed or dropped by this command as if
      it were its own. Pick a different name for bindings you maintain
      yourself.
    - A setting defined as SecureText is never bound; its value is an
      encrypted secret and a package must not carry a secret off the
      environment that owns it.
    - A gallery membership under a customized shell_background tag is not
      bound, because the row references its tag by id and that id would not
      resolve on the target. The image itself still ships.
    - The background configuration is withheld when the image row is not
      bound, because the configuration names the image by id; any
      configuration folder an earlier run shipped is dropped along with it.
    - The UsePanelIconBackground off-state ships only when the feature is
      turned off on this environment. If it was never turned off here, or
      the apply ran with --keep-icon-background, the off-state stays out of
      the package and says so in a warning, and the panel can then still
      hide the background on the install target. If the target defines this
      feature on its own, the off-state may not take there either: brand one
      environment and deliver outward.

EXAMPLE
    clio set-background-image --file C:\brand\background.png -e myapp
        upload the image and make it the shell background

    clio set-background-image aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-eeeeeeeeeeee -e myapp --package UsrMyApp
        set an already-uploaded image as the shell background and bind it into UsrMyApp

    clio set-background-image --file C:\brand\background.png -e myapp --keep-icon-background
        set the shell background but leave the panel icon background in place

REPORTING BUGS
    https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio
