COMMAND TYPE
    Object rights

NAME
    set-object-rights - Grant or revoke object operation permissions (read/create/edit/delete) for one role on one object, or turn an object's operation permissions on or off

SYNOPSIS
    set-object-rights --entity-schema-name <EntitySchemaName> --grantee <SysAdminUnitId> --operations <read,create,edit,delete> [--revoke] [--enable-operation-permissions] [--confirm | --preview] [OPTIONS]
    set-object-rights --entity-schema-name <EntitySchemaName> (--enable-operation-permissions | --disable-operation-permissions) [--confirm | --preview] [OPTIONS]

DESCRIPTION
    Grants (or, with --revoke, revokes) object operation permissions for one role on ONE object — the
    SysEntitySchemaOperationRight / "Object permissions" layer that decides who may read/create/edit/delete
    ANY record of an entity — or turns the object's "Use operation permissions" switch on or off. It
    works like the Object permissions designer, one object per call, and for any role. This is the
    object-level analog of set-record-rights (which is per-record).

    A grant or revoke names the role in --grantee and the operations in --operations: nothing is
    granted by default. A call that only turns the switch names neither. The switch and the rows change
    separately: a revoke never turns the switch off, and turning it off keeps every row.

    The rows of an object are a priority list: position 0 is the highest, and a user who is in several
    roles gets the operations of the highest matching row — decided per row, so a row with no
    operations denies them. A new row goes at the lowest priority (one past the highest position), as
    in the designer, and the result names the rows above the grantee's row. A revoke clears the named
    operations on the role's row and KEEPS the row: for a user whose highest matching row it is, they
    are then denied. No row is ever removed or moved.

    Every change that alters who can reach the object must be named in the arguments, or the call is
    refused and nothing is written:
      - a grant that would turn operation permissions ON needs --enable-operation-permissions. The same
        save keeps the "All employees" row the service shows for an object with no stored rows; when the
        object has stored rows but none for All employees, it adds one with read/create/edit/delete below
        them;
      - --enable-operation-permissions alone turns operation permissions ON with the stored rows as they
        are, under the same All employees rule; it is refused when no row would grant any operation;
      - --disable-operation-permissions is a call of its own (no --grantee, --operations or --revoke): it
        turns operation permissions OFF and keeps every row as it is, operations included — the object
        becomes available to ALL internal users, and the rows apply again when the switch is turned back
        on;
      - a revoke never turns operation permissions off: a revoke that would leave no row granting any
        operation is refused.

    To cover an object's lookups, read them with get-object-rights --include-connected, decide per
    object, and run one set-object-rights per object. The listing leaves out security and system
    objects (SysAdmin*, SysSettings*, ...); a call that names one of them is applied like any other.

    It is a read-modify-write over the native RightManagementService: the object is read, the change
    is planned, the rows the plan changes or adds are saved (every other row is sent exactly as read),
    and the object is read back and compared with the plan, row by row. It does NOT change column or
    record permissions.

    DESTRUCTIVE: this command changes access. In a non-interactive run it refuses to apply unless
    --confirm is passed; in an interactive run it shows the planned change and asks for a y/n
    confirmation. --preview writes nothing. On MCP the call applies the change: the host's approval of
    the call is the confirmation.

    The object name is trimmed and must be a plain schema identifier (letters, digits, '_').

OPTIONS
    --entity-schema-name
        The one object (entity schema) whose operation permissions are changed (for example UsrOrder). Required.

    --grantee
        SysAdminUnit id (organizational/functional role or user) to grant or revoke. Names are not
        unique, so the id is required. Resolve it yourself (e.g. execute-esq on SysAdminUnit). Required
        for a grant or revoke; not given when the call only turns operation permissions on or off.

    --operations
        Comma-separated operations to grant or revoke: read, create, edit, delete. Required for a grant or revoke: no operation is granted by default. A value that names no operation is refused.

    --revoke
        Revoke the operations named in --operations instead of granting them. The role's row is kept,
        with those operations cleared.

    --enable-operation-permissions
        Turn the object's operation permissions ON. With --grantee and --operations it lets the grant
        turn them on; without it, a grant on an object that does not use operation permissions changes
        nothing and exits 1, and the refusal names the rows that would start to decide. Alone it turns
        them on with the stored rows as they are. Not valid with --revoke.

    --disable-operation-permissions
        Turn the object's operation permissions OFF, keeping every row as it is, operations included:
        the object becomes available to ALL internal users, and the rows apply again if operation
        permissions are turned back on. A call of its own: not valid with --grantee, --operations,
        --revoke or --enable-operation-permissions.

    --confirm
        Confirm the destructive change without a prompt. Required in non-interactive runs. Not valid
        with --preview.

    --preview
        Write nothing: show the planned change — which rows start or keep deciding, where the grantee's
        row sits, what turns on or off — or why the call would be refused.

    -e, --environment
        Name of the registered environment to change.

EXIT CODES
    0   The change was applied (or was already in the requested state, or cancelled at the prompt), or a
        --preview completed (nothing was written). A save that reported an error but whose read-back shows
        the plan succeeds with a warning.
    1   An input was invalid (missing or non-identifier entity-schema-name, grantee not a GUID, missing
        --operations on a grant or revoke, unknown operation, an --operations value that names no
        operation, --preview with --confirm, --enable-operation-permissions with --revoke,
        --disable-operation-permissions with --grantee, --operations, --revoke or
        --enable-operation-permissions, a call that names no change), confirmation was missing in a
        non-interactive run, the object was not found or could not be read, the grantee does not exist,
        the change was refused (a grant that would turn operation permissions on without
        --enable-operation-permissions, a revoke that would leave no granting row, an enable alone over
        rows that grant nothing, a revoke on an object that does not use operation permissions, a
        grantee with more than one row), the save failed and the read-back does not show the plan, a successful save could not be read back (reported as saved but NOT verified),
        or the object read back does not show a row this call writes (the grantee's row, or the All
        employees row an enable stores) where it was planned, or the planned switch state.

EXAMPLES
    Show what a grant would change, without writing anything:
        clio set-object-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrder --grantee <role-id> --operations read --preview -e production

    Grant a functional role read/create/edit on an object that already uses operation permissions:
        clio set-object-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrder --grantee <role-id> --operations read,create,edit --confirm -e production

    Grant read on an object that does not use operation permissions yet (turns them on, keeps All employees):
        clio set-object-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrder --grantee <role-id> --operations read --enable-operation-permissions --confirm -e production

    Cover a lookup of the object in its own call, after reading the lookups with get-object-rights --include-connected:
        clio set-object-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrderStatus --grantee <role-id> --operations read --enable-operation-permissions --confirm -e production

    Revoke delete from a role (its row stays, now without delete):
        clio set-object-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrder --grantee <role-id> --operations delete --revoke --confirm -e production

    Turn an object's operation permissions off (available to all internal users), keeping every row as it is:
        clio set-object-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrder --disable-operation-permissions --confirm -e production

    Turn them back on with the rows as they are:
        clio set-object-rights --entity-schema-name UsrOrder --enable-operation-permissions --confirm -e production

NOTES
    The grantee must exist in SysAdminUnit; an unknown id fails before anything is written.

    When the grantee is All employees and the object has no row for it, the new row gets exactly the
    operations the call names: an enable then adds no second All employees row with every operation.

    A re-run of a call that already landed changes nothing and exits 0, so a retry after a timeout is
    safe. A disable on an object that is already off says that the object is available to all internal
    users.

    A disable of an administered object with no stored rows writes no row; the object read back, now
    off, shows the All employees row the service synthesizes for it, which is not a difference.

    A save that got no answer (it did not answer in time, or the connection broke after the request
    went out) may land after the read-back, so its failure says the change may still be applied:
    re-read the object with get-object-rights before retrying or reporting a failure. The save is sent exactly once, whatever the retry settings: a transport retry of a
    committed save could add a new row a second time (it is sent without an id).

    After the save the object is read back and compared with the plan, row by row (grantee, position,
    operations). A missing or different row that this call writes fails it; a row of another role that
    differs from the plan, or that the plan did not write, is reported as a warning. If the read-back
    itself fails, the call fails too: the change is reported as saved but NOT verified, with a request
    to check the object with get-object-rights before retrying.

    A grantee with more than one row on the object is refused: which of them decides depends on the
    other rows, so the command changes none of them. Remove the duplicates in the Object permissions
    designer, then re-run.

    Read-modify-write is last-writer-wins: a change another client saves between the read and the save
    is overwritten. The read-back reports any difference from the plan.
