NAME
    switch-nuget-to-dll-reference - Switch NuGet references to DLL references in csproj files

DESCRIPTION
    Rewrites project references from NuGet packages to direct DLL references.

SYNOPSIS
    clio switch-nuget-to-dll-reference <PackageName> [OPTIONS]

ARGUMENTS
    <PackageName>
        Required. Name of the workspace package whose csproj is converted. The
        name must match a package declared by the current workspace; anything
        else exits with code 1.

OPTIONS
    Supports the canonical switch-nuget-to-dll-reference command options.

NOTES
    A props file is written only for a target framework that has dlls to reference.
    A target framework without dependency dlls is skipped with a warning, and no
    <Import> is added for it, because MSBuild cannot import an empty props file.
    When no props file could be created at all, the csproj is left unchanged and
    the command exits with code 1. A nuget package that contributes no assembly,
    such as an analyzer, keeps its PackageReference. An unusable props file left
    by an older clio version, and its import, are removed on the next run; when
    that repair leaves the csproj with no props import at all, the package
    references an earlier conversion had commented out are restored, so the
    project keeps its dependencies and build assets.
    A target framework that ends up with no dependency also has the assemblies
    its previous props file declared removed from Files/Libs/<moniker>, so a dll
    materialized by an earlier run stops shipping in the Creatio package. A dll
    placed in that folder by hand is left alone.
    A package folder, or the .nuget helper folder of the package, that is a
    symbolic link or a junction is refused: the command exits with code 1 without
    writing or deleting anything through it.

EXAMPLES
    clio switch-nuget-to-dll-reference MyPackage
        Convert the NuGet references of the workspace package MyPackage to dll
        references

    clio nuget2dll MyPackage
        Same conversion through the short alias

SEE ALSO
    ref-to - Update project core reference paths

REPORTING BUGS
    https://github.com/Advance-Technologies-Foundation/clio