COMMAND TYPE
    Environment Management commands

NAME
    uninstall-creatio - Completely remove a local Creatio instance

ALIASES
    uc

DESCRIPTION
    uninstall-creatio command removes a local Creatio instance from your machine,
    including the target IIS site or application, database (both local and
    containerized), and application files. The application pool is removed only
    when no other IIS application uses it.

    On Windows, the command also attempts to remove the registered IIS
    application-pool virtual-account profile. This is best-effort: a locked,
    access-denied, or otherwise undeletable profile produces one warning after
    three attempts, while uninstall continues and exits successfully.

    The command reads the database connection string from ConnectionStrings.config
    in the Creatio installation directory and uses it to connect and drop the
    database. This works for both local databases (PostgreSQL, MSSQL) and
    containerized databases (Kubernetes/Rancher).

    This is a destructive operation that permanently deletes the Creatio
    instance, its files, and its database. Administrator privileges are required
    to manage IIS sites and application pools.

    IMPORTANT: Ensure you have backups of any important data before proceeding.
    This operation cannot be undone.

UNINSTALL PROCESS

    When using environment name (-e):
        1. Retrieves environment settings from clio configuration
        2. Scans IIS sites to find the matching site
        3. Identifies the physical path of the matching IIS site
        4. Proceeds with uninstall operations

    Uninstall operations (all methods):
        1. Extracts database connection string from ConnectionStrings.config
        2. Parses connection parameters (host, port, username, password)
        3. Validates that the target IIS site/application can be removed without siblings
        4. Stops the target site when supported and deletes the target site/application
        5. Verifies target removal, then rechecks and deletes the pool only when unused
        6. Connects and drops the database (local or Kubernetes/Rancher)
        7. Deletes all files in installation directory
        8. Deletes the registered IIS application-pool profile on Windows
           (best-effort; missing/non-Windows is not applicable)
        9. Unregisters the environment (final step, including after a profile warning)

SYNOPSIS
    uninstall-creatio [options]

OPTIONS
    --environment, -e       Name of registered environment to uninstall

    --physicalPath, -d      Physical path to Creatio installation folder
                            (e.g., C:\inetpub\wwwroot\mysite)

VALIDATION RULES
    - You must provide either -e or -d (but not both)
    - Physical path must be a valid absolute directory path
    - Physical path must point to an existing directory

EXAMPLES
    Uninstall by environment name (recommended):
        clio uninstall-creatio -e production
        clio uc -e development

    Uninstall by physical path:
        clio uninstall-creatio -d C:\inetpub\wwwroot\mysite
        clio uc --physicalPath C:\inetpub\wwwroot\creatio-dev

OUTPUT
    The command provides detailed progress information:
        [INF] - Scanning IIS sites...
        [INF] - Found matching IIS site: mysite
        [INF] - Stopping application pool: mysite-pool
        [INF] - Stopping IIS site: mysite
        [INF] - Deleting IIS site: mysite
        [INF] - Deleting application pool: mysite-pool
        [INF] - Found db: CreatioDB, Server: PostgreSql
        [INF] - Parsed PostgreSQL connection: Host=127.0.0.1, Port=5432, User=postgres
        [INF] - Using local database connection from ConnectionStrings.config
        [INF] - Postgres DB: CreatioDB dropped
        [INF] - Directory: C:\inetpub\wwwroot\mysite deleted
		[INF] - Application-pool profile 'C:\Users\mysite-pool' deleted
        [INF] - Done removing Creatio instance

    If Windows keeps the profile locked, the command writes one final warning
    after its retries and still exits with code 0. Delete the named profile
    manually after the locking process exits.

    If another IIS application shares the target application pool, uninstall leaves
    the shared pool and its Windows profile intact and removes only the target site/application.

COMMON ERRORS
    Environment not found:
        [WAR] - Environment 'name' not found in clio configuration
        Solution: Verify environment name with 'clio show-env'

    Invalid path format:
        Error: PhysicalPath must be a valid directory path
        Solution: Provide absolute path (e.g., C:\inetpub\wwwroot\mysite)

    Directory does not exist:
        Error: PhysicalPath must be a valid directory path to an Existing directory
        Solution: Verify the path exists

    Insufficient permissions:
        [ERR] - Access denied: Administrator privileges required
        Solution: Run terminal as Administrator

    Application-pool profile could not be deleted:
        Result: Three attempts, one warning, remaining cleanup and environment
                unregistration continue, exit code 0
        Solution: Delete the named profile manually after the locking process exits

    No IIS site found:
        [ERR] - The registered environment URI could not be correlated with an IIS site
        Result: The command exits with code 1 and performs no destructive cleanup
        Solution: Correct the environment URI/IIS binding, or use -d with the verified physical path

BEST PRACTICES
    Before uninstalling:
        - Backup important data, configurations, and packages
        - Stop active processes and connections
        - Verify the target environment to avoid mistakes
        - Check for dependencies on this instance

    Recommended workflow:
        1. List environments: clio show-env
        2. Verify instance status: clio hosts
        3. Uninstall: clio uninstall-creatio -e development
        4. Verify removal: clio hosts

    After uninstalling:
        - Verify all files and IIS components were removed
        - Manually cleanup database if not automatically dropped
        - Run disk cleanup to reclaim space
        - Update team documentation

PLATFORM REQUIREMENTS
    - Windows operating system with IIS
    - Administrator privileges required
    - Primarily designed for local development environments

DATABASE HANDLING
    The command automatically drops databases from both local and containerized
    environments:

    Connection String Parsing:
        - Reads ConnectionStrings.config from the Creatio directory
        - Extracts connection parameters (host, port, username, password)
        - Supports PostgreSQL and MSSQL connection strings

    Local Databases:
        - PostgreSQL: Uses parsed host and port (default: 5432)
        - MSSQL: Supports both username/password and Integrated Security
        - MSSQL: Handles named instances (e.g., server\instance)

    Kubernetes/Rancher:
        - Falls back to K8s connection if parsing fails
        - Uses cluster DNS and connection parameters

    The command will:
        - Log the database name and type found
        - Log whether using local or K8s connection
        - Drop the database automatically
        - Log success or failure of database operations

NOTES
    - This is an irreversible operation - files are permanently deleted
    - No confirmation prompt - command executes immediately
    - Consider using 'clear-local-env' if you want to clean data without
      destroying the entire instance
    - With -e, environment unregistration is the final stage and still runs
      after a profile-cleanup warning

RELATED COMMANDS
    deploy-creatio       Deploy a new Creatio instance
    reg-web-app         Register a Creatio instance in clio
    unreg-web-app       Unregister a Creatio instance from clio
    show-env            Show all registered environments
    hosts               Monitor running Creatio instances
    restart-web-app     Restart a Creatio instance
    clear-local-env     Clear environment data without destroying instance

SEE ALSO
    For complete documentation with examples, see:
    docs/commands/uninstall-creatio.md

    For Creatio installation information:
    clio help deploy-creatio

    For environment management:
    clio help reg-web-app
    clio help show-env
