COMMAND TYPE
    Workspace commands

NAME
    update-skill - Update managed skills from a repository

DESCRIPTION
    update-skill refreshes clio-managed skills in the selected scope when the
    source repository HEAD commit hash changed.

    With --scope workspace, the command must be executed from inside a clio
    workspace directory (a directory containing `.clio/workspaceSettings.json`,
    or any child folder below it).

    With --scope user, the command can run from any directory. Clio resolves
    the agent home from `CODEX_HOME` when it is set, or falls back to `~/.codex`.

    Managed skills are tracked in the selected scope manifest.
    update-skill only operates on skills recorded there.

    By default, clio uses the bootstrap skills repository:
        https://creatio.ghe.com/engineering/bootstrap-composable-app-starter-kit

    Without --skill, clio updates all managed skills that belong to the
    selected repository. With --skill, clio updates only that managed skill.

    If the current repository HEAD hash matches the stored hash, clio reports
    that the skill is already up to date and leaves files unchanged.

SYNOPSIS
    clio update-skill [options]

OPTIONS
    --skill                             Optional managed skill name to update.
                                        When omitted, all managed skills for the selected repository are updated.

    --repo                              Optional local repository path or git URL.
                                        When omitted, clio uses the default bootstrap skills repository.

    --scope                             Skill target scope: workspace or user.
                                        Defaults to workspace.

EXAMPLES
    Update all managed skills from the default bootstrap repository:
        clio update-skill

    Update all managed skills in user scope:
        clio update-skill --scope user

    Update one managed skill from the default bootstrap repository:
        clio update-skill --skill my-skill

    Update all managed skills from a local repository checkout:
        clio update-skill --repo C:\Repos\bootstrap-composable-app-starter-kit

    Update one managed skill in user scope from a local repository checkout:
        clio update-skill --scope user --repo C:\Repos\bootstrap-composable-app-starter-kit --skill my-skill
